Add packages section to README (#209)
Foxboron/sbctl: README.md

* binutils (using `objcopy`)
* Go >= 1.16

> ## Available sbctl Packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Available sbctl packages
```

Author: I am used to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Title_case.

As this is not used in the rest of the README I am fine with this.

List of existing sbctl packages can be found

> [here](https://repology.org/project/sbctl/versions).

Reviewer: Don't use "here" for hyperlinks:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Creating_hyperlinks#use_clear_link_wording

```suggestion
[on Repology](https://repology.org/project/sbctl/versions).
```

> List of existing sbctl packages can be found
> [here](https://repology.org/project/sbctl/versions).

Reviewer: Don't use "here" for hyperlinks:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Creating_hyperlinks#use_clear_link_wording

```suggestion
You can find a list of
[sbctl packages on Repology](https://repology.org/project/sbctl/versions).
```

In addition, sbctl is also available for [openSUSE &
Ubuntu](https://software.opensuse.org/package/sbctl?search_term=sbctl). Follow
the `Expert Download` links to find installation instructions according to your

> operating system.

Reviewer: Should probably mention that Ubuntu is unofficial and openSUSE is experimental.

Author: What is the difference between unofficial and experimental?

Reviewer: Well, to me it looks like the openSUSE package is kind of in a "testing" repository, while Ubuntu package is maintained by the community.
